c:\users\dzm.kyiv\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ExternalLogin\Tests\bin\Debug\ApplicationInsights.config
c:\users\dzm.kyiv\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ExternalLogin\Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\csc.exe
c:\users\dzm.kyiv\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ExternalLogin\Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\dzm.kyiv\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ExternalLogin\Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
c:\users\dzm.kyiv\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ExternalLogin\Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\dzm.kyiv\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ExternalLogin\Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
c:\users\dzm.kyiv\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ExternalLogin\Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
c:\users\dzm.kyiv\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ExternalLogin\Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
c:\users\dzm.kyiv\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ExternalLogin\Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
c:\users\dzm.kyiv\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ExternalLogin\Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
c:\users\dzm.kyiv\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ExternalLogin\Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\vbc.exe
c:\users\dzm.kyiv\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ExternalLogin\Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
c:\users\dzm.kyiv\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ExternalLogin\Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
c:\users\dzm.kyiv\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ExternalLogin\Tests\bin\Debug\Tests.dll
c:\users\dzm.kyiv\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ExternalLogin\Tests\bin\Debug\Tests.pdb
c:\users\dzm.kyiv\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ExternalLogin\Tests\bin\Debug\ExternalLogin.dll
c:\users\dzm.kyiv\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ExternalLogin\Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.VisualStudio.QualityTools.UnitTestFramework.dll
c:\users\dzm.kyiv\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ExternalLogin\Tests\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\dzm.kyiv\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ExternalLogin\Tests\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\dzm.kyiv\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ExternalLogin\Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\dzm.kyiv\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ExternalLogin\Tests\bin\Debug\TestStack.BDDfy.dll
c:\users\dzm.kyiv\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ExternalLogin\Tests\bin\Debug\ExternalLogin.pdb
c:\users\dzm.kyiv\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ExternalLogin\Tests\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\dzm.kyiv\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ExternalLogin\Tests\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\dzm.kyiv\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ExternalLogin\Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\dzm.kyiv\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ExternalLogin\Tests\bin\Debug\TestStack.BDDfy.xml
c:\users\dzm.kyiv\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ExternalLogin\Tests\obj\Debug\Tests.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\dzm.kyiv\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ExternalLogin\Tests\obj\Debug\Tests.dll
c:\users\dzm.kyiv\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ExternalLogin\Tests\obj\Debug\Tests.pdb
c:\users\dzm.kyiv\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ExternalLogin\Tests\bin\Debug\FluentAssertions.Core.dll
c:\users\dzm.kyiv\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ExternalLogin\Tests\bin\Debug\FluentAssertions.dll
c:\users\dzm.kyiv\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ExternalLogin\Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.dll
c:\users\dzm.kyiv\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ExternalLogin\Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Hosting.dll
c:\users\dzm.kyiv\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ExternalLogin\Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Testing.dll
c:\users\dzm.kyiv\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ExternalLogin\Tests\bin\Debug\Owin.dll
c:\users\dzm.kyiv\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ExternalLogin\Tests\bin\Debug\FluentAssertions.pdb
c:\users\dzm.kyiv\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ExternalLogin\Tests\bin\Debug\FluentAssertions.xml
c:\users\dzm.kyiv\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ExternalLogin\Tests\bin\Debug\FluentAssertions.Core.pdb
c:\users\dzm.kyiv\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ExternalLogin\Tests\bin\Debug\FluentAssertions.Core.xml
c:\users\dzm.kyiv\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ExternalLogin\Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.xml
c:\users\dzm.kyiv\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ExternalLogin\Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Hosting.xml
c:\users\dzm.kyiv\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ExternalLogin\Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Testing.xml
c:\users\dzm.kyiv\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ExternalLogin\Tests\bin\Debug\Tests.dll.config
c:\users\dzm.kyiv\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ExternalLogin\Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.Owin.dll
c:\users\dzm.kyiv\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ExternalLogin\Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.Owin.xml
c:\users\dzm.kyiv\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ExternalLogin\Tests\bin\Debug\nunit.framework.dll
c:\users\dzm.kyiv\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ExternalLogin\Tests\bin\Debug\nunit.framework.xml
c:\users\dzm.kyiv\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ExternalLogin\Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.dll
c:\users\dzm.kyiv\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ExternalLogin\Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
c:\users\dzm.kyiv\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ExternalLogin\Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
c:\users\dzm.kyiv\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ExternalLogin\Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
c:\users\dzm.kyiv\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ExternalLogin\Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
c:\users\dzm.kyiv\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ExternalLogin\Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
c:\users\dzm.kyiv\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ExternalLogin\Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.xml
c:\users\dzm.kyiv\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ExternalLogin\Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
c:\users\dzm.kyiv\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ExternalLogin\Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
c:\users\dzm.kyiv\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ExternalLogin\Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
c:\users\dzm.kyiv\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ExternalLogin\Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
c:\users\dzm.kyiv\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ExternalLogin\Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
